Beware to those who seek self-gain. The way is guarded and sealed. Turn back if you are not of the Ancient Blood.

Herein is hidden The Last Hope of the people of the Earth. Forged with the Covenant of Adama and sealed with three Gems of Power. Protected by the last of the Watchers and constructed by the Ancients.

The way is closed and locked to all with darkness in their hearts. Only one with the light of truth flowing through their veins may pass.

Beware creatures of the depths and their sharp bite.

Sight of Shadow allows one of the Ancient Blood to see the hidden world. It grants strength, speed, and higher immunity to physical attacks.

Only one with command of Shadow Sight may pass through the flames. All others will be burned and scarred for their efforts.

The powers of the Shadow Sight were granted to those who trained in the way of stealth. As the war with the Demons grew long, the Adama, our people, created new ways of combat.

Many Demons had the ability to shape-shift and trick, and so our people countered this with Warriors of Shadow.
Just as the Shadow Sight was granted, so too did many of our people pass into Shadow...

We have toiled for many moons to build the holding place for The Last Hope. We are all tired, tired beyond anything before. 
I, Ajaya akSaracuJcu, transcribe these messages for those to come. Our people are almost lost; I fear for the future of the Earth. I have never felt fear before, but now I know it well.

The Titans assist us in the creation of this keeping place. They lend us their strength, and yet, they are so few in number... So few...
Our people wait for us to return, so we may guide them one last time before we leave these bodies. Our time is up for this life, and those who remain will be all that are left. 

The Adama must abide, and wait for the strength of our people to build. Hiding, deep in the Mother Earth, waiting for the Destined One to be born.
He will be the only one who can awaken The Last Hope.

The construction of this holy place is almost complete. We seal the way and hide the way, to protect it from the Demons.
Their worship of Evil defiles the Earth, and make our blood boil with rage. Yet we must wait, and hope for the Destined One.
The light in our veins is weak, and if we were to throw ourselves against the Demon Lords, we would be destroyed.

The Demons descended from above the rim of the world, until the sky was darkened by their shadow. They came and were brutal and harsh. The Titans were the first to strike back.
We, the Children of the Earth, were abused and exploited. The Demons feasted on the flesh of animals, whom we were as brother and sister to, and murdered our people.
They dug deep into our Mother the Earth, and her pain was so great she wept tears of fire. 

The Demons stole the very lifeblood from the Adama; their hunger was insatiable.
For their bodies were decaying quickly, and their skin was hardened like scales. They were dry and toxic. The blood of the Adama is strong and filled with sunlight, while the blood of Demons is turgid and black.

Whole continents of forests and animals were slaughtered for the hunger of the Demons, and they clouded the air with poisonous fumes. 
If we had struck first, we might have won.
But we had never known murder and combat, and we were caught unawares.
Thus our people are almost extinct, and we hide beneath the surface, like demons ourselves.

The Last Hope is the ultimate creation. It is a God, created from our very life-force. Using almost the last drop of life-force in the Adama. 
Such fire ran in our veins! The Last Hope rests now, in slumber. It gains more power with each passing year, but needs an immense presence to awaken it. 
We have done all we can. Now, we fade away...